DM-45007: Add simple memory profiling tools (#184)
lsst/utils: doc/changes/DM-45007.feature.md

> Add `utils.introspection.take_object_census` and `~utils.introspection.trace_object_references` functions for characterizing memory leaks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added `lsst.utils.introspection.take_object_census` and `lsst.utils.introspection.trace_object_references` functions for characterizing memory leaks.
```
